# menu
menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: white
menu.items.text.color: black
menu.items.active.bg: Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: white
menu.items.active.text.color: #4d5e63
menu.title.bg: Flat
menu.title.bg.color: white
menu.title.text.color: black
menu.title.text.justify: left
menu.border.width: 1 
menu.border.color: #000000
menu.separator.color: white
menu.overlap.x: -3

# osd
osd.label.text.color: black
osd.border.width: 1

# windows
border.width: 1
*.border.color: #1d1f28
# *.active.border.co6or: #2a3741
# *.inactive.border.color: #404b54
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.handle.width: 0
window.label.text.justify: center

# titlebars
padding.height: 4
padding.width: 4

# active window
window.*.*.bg: Flat Parentrelative
window.active.*.*.bg.color: #fefefe
window.*.*.*.image.color: #1d1f28
window.*.label.text.color: #1d1f28

# inactive window
window.inactive.*.*.bg.color: #f4f4f4

# handle
window.active.handle.bg: Flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: white
window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: white

# grip
window.active.grip.bg: Flat
window.active.grip.bg.color: white
window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: white
