# menu
menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: white
menu.items.text.color: #000000
menu.items.active.bg: Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: white
menu.items.active.text.color: #2B343A
menu.items.inactive.text.color: #000000
menu.title.bg: Flat
menu.title.bg.color: white
menu.title.text.color: #000000
menu.title.text.justify: Center
menu.separator.width: 0
menu.border.width: 15
menu.border.color: white
menu.separator.color: white
menu.overlap.x: -20

# osd
osd.label.text.color: #ffffff
osd.border.width: 1

# windows
border.width: 1
*.border.color: #35363A
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.handle.width: 0


# titlebars
padding.height: 4
padding.width: 4

# active window
window.active.*.bg: Flat
window.active.*.*.bg.color: #13191E
window.active.*.*.image.color: #dddddd
window.active.label.text.color: #dddddd

# inactive window
window.inactive.*.bg: Flat
window.inactive.*.*.bg.color: #13191E
window.inactive.*.*.image.color: #dddddd
window.inactive.label.text.color: #dddddd

# handle
window.active.handle.bg: Flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: white
window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: white

# grip
window.active.grip.bg: Flat
window.active.grip.bg.color: white
window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat
indow.inactive.grip.bg.color: white
