# menu
menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: white
menu.items.text.color: black
menu.items.active.bg: Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: white
menu.items.active.text.color: #8fa4da
menu.title.bg: Flat
menu.title.bg.color: white
menu.title.text.color: black
menu.title.text.justify: Right
menu.border.width: 1
menu.border.color: black
menu.separator.color: white
menu.overlap.x: -5

#window.label.text.justify: center


# osd
osd.label.text.color: black
osd.border.width: 1


# windows
border.width: 1
*.border.color: black
#*.active.border.color: #000000
#*.inactive.border.color: #ffffff
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.handle.width: 0


# titlebars
padding.height: 6
padding.width: 6


# active window
window.*.*.bg: Flat Parentrelative
window.*.*.*.bg.color: white
window.*.*.*.image.color: black
#window.*.label.text.color: black
window.active.label.text.color: black
window.inactive.label.text.color: gray


# handle
window.active.handle.bg: Flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: white
window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: white


# grip
window.active.grip.bg: Flat
window.active.grip.bg.color: white
window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: white
