# menu
menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: white
menu.items.text.color: black
menu.items.active.bg: Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: white
menu.items.active.text.color: #8fa4da
menu.title.bg: Flat
menu.title.bg.color: white
menu.title.text.color: black
menu.title.text.justify: Right
menu.border.width: 20
menu.border.color: white
menu.separator.color: white
menu.overlap.x: -20


# osd
osd.label.text.color: black
osd.border.width: 0


# windows
border.width: 0
*.border.color: white
# *.active.border.color: #2a3741
# *.inactive.border.color: #404b54
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.handle.width: 0


# titlebars
padding.height: 12
padding.width: 12


# active window
window.*.*.bg: Flat Parentrelative
window.*.*.*.bg.color: white
window.*.*.*.image.color: black
window.*.label.text.color: white


# handle
window.active.handle.bg: Flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: white
window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: white


# grip
window.active.grip.bg: Flat
window.active.grip.bg.color: white
window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: white
