# menu
menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: white
menu.items.text.color: black
menu.items.active.bg: Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: white
menu.items.active.text.color: #4d5e63
menu.title.bg: Flat
menu.title.bg.color: white
menu.title.text.color: black
menu.title.text.justify: center
menu.border.width: 15
menu.border.color: #FFFFFF
menu.separator.color: white
menu.overlap.x: -20

# osd
osd.label.text.color: black
osd.border.width: 0

# windows
border.width: 0
*.border.color: #242627
# *.active.border.co6or: #2a3741
# *.inactive.border.color: #404b54
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.handle.width: 0

# titlebars
padding.height: 10
padding.width: 5

# active window
window.*.*.bg: Flat Parentrelative
window.active.*.*.bg.color: #A5CCE4
window.*.*.*.image.color: black
window.*.label.text.color: black

# inactive window
window.inactive.*.*.bg.color: #A2DBCB

# handle
window.active.handle.bg: Flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: white
window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: white

# grip
window.active.grip.bg: Flat
window.active.grip.bg.color: white
window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: white
