# menu
menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: white
menu.items.text.color: black
menu.items.active.bg: Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: white
menu.items.active.text.color: #622486
menu.title.bg: Flat
menu.title.bg.color: white
menu.title.text.color: black
menu.title.text.justify: Right
menu.border.width: 1
menu.border.color: black
menu.separator.color: black
menu.overlap.x: -5

window.label.text.justify: left

# osd
osd.label.text.color: white
osd.border.width: 1

# windows
border.width: 1
*.active.border.color: #000000
*.inactive.border.color: gray
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.handle.width: 0

# titlebars
padding.height: 6
padding.width: 6

# active window
window.*.*.bg: Flat Parentrelative
window.active.*.*.bg.color: white
window.active.*.image.color: black
window.active.label.text.color: black
window.inactive.*.*.bg.color: #f8f8f8
window.inactive.*.image.color: #282828
window.inactive.label.text.color: #282828

# handle
window.active.handle.bg: Flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: white
window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: white

# grip
window.active.grip.bg: Flat
window.active.grip.bg.color: white
window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: white