# menu
menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: white
menu.items.text.color: #071d22
menu.items.active.bg: Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: white
menu.items.active.text.color: #8fa4da
menu.title.bg: Flat
menu.title.bg.color: white
menu.title.text.color: #071d22
menu.title.text.justify: Right
menu.border.width: 20
menu.border.color: white
menu.separator.color: white
menu.overlap.x: -20


# osd
osd.label.text.color: #071d22
osd.border.width: 1


# windows
border.width: 0
*.border.color: black
# *.active.border.color: #
# *.inactive.border.color: #
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.handle.width: 0


# titlebars
padding.height: 15
padding.width: 15


# active window
window.active.*.bg: Flat
window.active.*.*.bg.color: white
window.active.*.*.image.color: #071d22


# inactive window
window.inactive.*.bg: Flat
window.inactive.*.*.bg.color: white
window.inactive.*.*.image.color: #071d22


# handle
window.active.handle.bg: Flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: white
window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: white


# grip
window.active.grip.bg: Flat
window.active.grip.bg.color: white
window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: white