# menu
menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: black
menu.items.text.color: white
menu.items.active.bg: Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: black
menu.items.active.text.color: #8fa4da
menu.title.bg: Flat
menu.title.bg.color: black
menu.title.text.color: white
menu.title.text.justify: Right
menu.border.width: 20
menu.border.color: black
menu.separator.color: black
menu.overlap.x: -25

#window.label.text.justify: center


# windows
border.width: 0
#*.border.color: #00ff00
# *.border.color: #1f1f1f
#*.active.border.color: #32353e
#*.inactive.border.color: #2c2e33
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.handle.width: 0
window.active.label.text.color: white
window.inactive.label.text.color: gray

# osd
osd.label.text.color: white
osd.border.width: 1


# titlebars
padding.height: 6
padding.width: 6


# active window
window.*.*.bg: Flat Parentrelative
window.*.*.*.bg.color: black
window.*.label.text.color: #ffffff
window.*.*.*.image.color: white
