#Window geometry
padding.width: 1
border.width: 1
window.border.color: #000000
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
window.handle.width: 0
window.label.text.justify: left

#titlebars
padding.height: 4
padding.width: 4

# Active window
window.active.title.separator.color: #040404
window.active.title.bg: solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #000000
window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #ffffff
window.active.button.*.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.*.image.color: #ffffff
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #ffffff
window.active.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #ffffff

# Inactive window
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #040404
window.inactive.title.bg: solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #353535
window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #eeeeee
window.inactive.button.*.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.*.image.color: #eeeeee

# active
window.active.title.separator.color: #040404
window.active.title.bg: solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #1E1E1E
window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #eeeeee
window.active.button.*.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.*.image.color: #eeeeee

# Menu settings
menu.border.color: #000000
menu.border.width: 10
menu.title.bg: flat solid border
menu.title.bg.color: #000000
menu.title.text.color: #ffffff
menu.items.bg: solid 
menu.items.active.bg.color: #353535
menu.items.text.color: #ffffff
menu.items.active.bg: flat solid border
menu.items.active.text.color: #F0F8FF
menu.separator.color: #303030
